Develop/phone-number-regex-pattern.md, before:

# Regex Tutorial for Phone Numbers

Phone numbers come in various formats and can be challenging to extract or validate from a given text. Regular expressions (regex) are powerful tools for pattern matching and can be used to create a regex pattern that matches phone numbers. Here, we will explore a common regex pattern for matching phone numbers, explaining its various components such as anchors, quantifiers, character classes, flags, grouping and capturing, bracket expressions, greedy and lazy match, boundaries, back-references, look-ahead, and look-behind.

## Summary

The regex pattern we will be explaining is:

^(\+?\d{1,3}[-.])?\(?(\d{3})\)?[-.]?\d{3}[-.]?\d{4}$

This pattern is designed to match phone numbers that may be in various formats, including those with or without country codes, area codes, and different delimiters such as hyphens, dots, or parentheses. It uses anchors, quantifiers, OR operators, character classes, flags, grouping and capturing, bracket expressions, greedy and lazy matching, boundaries, back-references, look-ahead, and look-behind to create a comprehensive phone number matching pattern.

## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [OR Operator](#or-operator)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Grouping and Capturing](#grouping-and-capturing)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Greedy and Lazy Match](#greedy-and-lazy-match)
- [Boundaries](#boundaries)
- [Back-references](#back-references)
- [Look-ahead and Look-behind](#look-ahead-and-look-behind)

## Regex Components

### Anchors

### Quantifiers

### OR Operator

### Character Classes

### Flags

### Grouping and Capturing

### Bracket Expressions

### Greedy and Lazy Match

### Boundaries

### Back-references

### Look-ahead and Look-behind

## Author

Created by Xavier Teo. For additional questions and information, please go to my GitHub profile at https://github.com/XvrTeo or reach out via email at xvrteo@gmail.com.

Commit message:

Updated descriptions in regex components

Develop/phone-number-regex-pattern.md, after:

# Regex Tutorial for Phone Numbers

Phone numbers come in various formats and can be challenging to extract or validate from a given text. Regular expressions (regex) are powerful tools for pattern matching and can be used to create a regex pattern that matches phone numbers. Here, we will explore a common regex pattern for matching phone numbers, explaining its various components such as anchors, quantifiers, character classes, flags, grouping and capturing, bracket expressions, greedy and lazy match, boundaries, back-references, look-ahead, and look-behind.

## Summary

The regex pattern we will be explaining is:

^(\+?\d{1,3}[-.])?\(?(\d{3})\)?[-.]?\d{3}[-.]?\d{4}$

This pattern is designed to match phone numbers that may be in various formats, including those with or without country codes, area codes, and different delimiters such as hyphens, dots, or parentheses. It uses anchors, quantifiers, OR operators, character classes, flags, grouping and capturing, bracket expressions, greedy and lazy matching, boundaries, back-references, look-ahead, and look-behind to create a comprehensive phone number matching pattern.

## Table of Contents

- [Anchors](#anchors)
- [Quantifiers](#quantifiers)
- [OR Operator](#or-operator)
- [Character Classes](#character-classes)
- [Flags](#flags)
- [Grouping and Capturing](#grouping-and-capturing)
- [Bracket Expressions](#bracket-expressions)
- [Greedy and Lazy Match](#greedy-and-lazy-match)
- [Boundaries](#boundaries)
- [Back-references](#back-references)
- [Look-ahead and Look-behind](#look-ahead-and-look-behind)

## Regex Components

### Anchors
The regex pattern starts with the ^ symbol, which is the caret anchor. It signifies the start of a line in the text, ensuring that the phone number pattern is matched at the beginning of the line.

### Quantifiers
The regex pattern uses various quantifiers such as {1,3} and {3} to specify the number of occurrences of digits to match. For example, \d{1,3} indicates matching one to three digits, and \d{3} indicates matching exactly three digits.

### OR Operator
The regex pattern uses the | symbol, which is the OR operator. It allows for multiple alternatives to be matched at a specific position in the pattern. For example, [-.] indicates matching either a hyphen or a dot.

### Character Classes
The regex pattern uses character classes such as \d to match any digit, and [-.] to match either a hyphen or a dot. Character classes are enclosed in square brackets [] and allow for matching a single character from a set of characters.

### Flags
The regex pattern does not use any flags, which are optional settings that modify the behavior of the regex engine, such as case sensitivity or global matching.

### Grouping and Capturing

### Bracket Expressions

### Greedy and Lazy Match

### Boundaries

### Back-references

### Look-ahead and Look-behind

## Author

Created by Xavier Teo. For additional questions and information, please go to my GitHub profile at https://github.com/XvrTeo or reach out via email at xvrteo@gmail.com.
